trump
I believe it's a rough situation over there.
There's no question about it.
Rough situation over there.
And the greatest phrase, I think, in the history of politics is on all of those red and white hats that I see out there:
'Make America Great Again.
Modesty has never been a Trump strong suit. Not ever.
And together, we will make America wealthy again.
Let's go get rich! [Cue Scrooge McDuck montage]
We will make America loving again. Love it. Love it.
Love it. Do it. Now.
They said, 'Sir, would you mind going back? Would you mind if we didn't stop?' I said, 'There's no way. We cannot stop,' right?"
This was Trump describing what the pilots on Air Force One were telling him as the plane was circling above a South Carolina campaign rally. Also: "There's no way. We cannot stop" is a decent slogan for the Trump presidency.
So please get your asses out tomorrow and vote."
Real quote from the President of the United States.
Sometimes you have to toot your own horn because nobody else is going to do it.
We got more money. We got more brains. We got better houses, apartments. We got nicer boats. We're smarter than they are. And they say, 'The elite.'"
I, for one, do not own a boat. Yet.
We're going to win at space.
What, exactly, would this entail? Like, is there a war in space I don't know about? I feel like I would have heard about this, right?
Great pillows. I actually use them, believe it or not."
Donald Trump is a My Pillow guy! Also, the My Pillow guy is a HUGE Trump supporter.
You know, I was dealt a lot of bad hands."
Born into a wealthy family? CHECK. Recipient of millions of dollars from his parents? CHECK. Yup, this all checks out. 
I hold both countries responsible. I think that the United States has been foolish. I think we've all been foolish. ...
And I think we're all to blame."
This is a line that will live in infamy.
Trump, asked directly, "Do you hold Russia at all accountable for anything in particular," responded, with Russian president Vladimir Putin standing next ton him, with this there's-plenty-of-blame-to-go-around response.
It's a stunning response to what should be a very straightforward answer: Yes, I believe our intelligence community and the Senate Intelligence Committee that Russia actively meddled in the election to help me, hurt Hillary Clinton and sow chaos. It's hard to properly contextualize what it means when the American President, standing beside the Russian President, says that he can't say whether Putin or the US intelligence apparatus is to be believed.
That just shows when you get good ratings, you can say anything."
Trump said the quiet part out loud! If you needed Trump's view on the media -- and on life more generally -- condensed into a single sentence, this would be the sentence I would write. If you listen closely enough to Trump, he always tells you exactly what he thinks and who he is.
What's happening is a disgrace."
A Republican President offers his thoughts on his own Justice Department.
We love winners. We love winners. Winners are winners."
[nods head slowly but knowingly]
33. "Hey, I'm the President of the United States! I'm not the President of the globe."
This is a good line that likely works well even outside of Trump's most committed base.
34. "He may have had a bad past. Who knows, you know? He may have had some, I think, accusations made.
Didn't he have a couple things in his past?"
The 45th president reflects on the first president: "Didn't he have a couple things in his past?"
35. "You know, with Biden, you go like this -- whew -- and he goes down."
No big deal! Just the President of the United States saying he would knock out the former vice president of the United States with one punch!
36. "Even one of them recently said that President Trump made promises, but he's kept many more promises.
I mean, far more than I made."
[gets out scratch paper] So, you say you've kept more promises than you've made, eh?
OK, let me just calculate that out... [head explodes]
37. "To be honest -- I'll be honest, I thought it was a -- I thought it was a very close to complete victory."
Trump on the day after the 2018 election in which his party lost 40 seats and control of the House, not to mention seven governorships and hundreds of state legislative seats. But, sure!
38. "Nobody has ever done so much in the first two years of a presidency as this administration. Nobody. Nobody."
It's hard to fact-check this statement because it's not clear what metric Trump is citing when he says "nobody has ever done so much."
Does that mean bills passed? Executive orders signed? Regulations rolled back? Rounds of golf played?
