name
a good alternative to youtube
Us telling the young ones how hard our lives were in 2018.
A good alternative to Reddit, wait the start of a new Reddit before the masses arrive.
a Reddit search engine that actually works.
(A couple technologies that we're seeing today should mature enough to be in widespread use -
Wearables
Expect to be wearing some kind of glasses with an HUD to display messages, directions, or even overlay an augmented version of reality that you've chosen. Imagine AdBlock for billboards in real life, or a virtual 600" TV screen on your wall. This will probably continue into contact lenses or some kind of implant, but 2030 is a bit optimistic for that. The "guts" of the phone will probably migrate to a watch so you don't need to carry anything in your pockets.
Self Driving Cars
Uber, Google, and now pretty much every other car manufacturer are working on these now. Expect car ownership to decline heavily in cities, and legislation being proposed (and heavily opposed) limiting human driving due to the number of traffic deaths every year.
VR
Oculus Rift, HTC Vive, etc will be widespread, cheap, and refined enough that traditional TV screens should be obsolete. The new stereotypical "nerd" image will be a person wearing VR goggles all the time. The interesting question is whether/how Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality will merge.
Medical
Sensors will be all the rage. It's just starting with the Apple watchbands, but having something on or in you that monitors blood pressure, heartbeat, temperature, hydration, immune system activity, or even vitamin levels. Doctors today are using a "guess and check" methodology that will seem silly as we progress into the Information Age. Expect to get an email/SMS/notification that you are becoming ill before you notice any symptoms.
Robots
2030 is far enough out that all the robot research today should be spilling into the workplace. Expect dangerous or repetitive labor like janitorial work, construction, police, etc to be replaced by humanoid robots. Drones should replace UPS/FedEx/Mail/Pizza deliveries, so expect a constant hum of drone traffic overhead at all times in urban areas. Robot "chefs" that produce identical meals every time should be commonplace in the restaurant industry, particularly at chains that have the money to invest. It's a bit early to be expecting robot butlers, but they should be on the horizon by that point. Unemployment will be a serious concern, and ideas like Basic Income should be at least seriously considered by that point but probably not yet implemented.
3D Printing
It's hard to predict just how widespread this will be given that right now the technology is limited to resins and plastics, so home printers can't do much more than make tiny plastic models. These guys have successfully printed clothes, if that trend catches on we could see the death of retail clothes shopping as perfectly fitting garments become the new norm. Once metals and simple circuitry can be printed, it's hard to overstate just how much of an impact 3D printing could have. Or, it could totally flop. We'll see.
AI
Probably still no general AI by this point, but smart systems like Watson and self-correcting neural networks should be able to do diagnostic work like medicine, economics, etc better than a person. No big impact on day to day life other than unemployment, but brain scans that can react to stimulus should start creeping people out at about this time. Edit: Siri and such
Virtual assistants should be actually useful by this point. Probably still not well developed enough to fall in love with like Her, but with good enough speech recognition and understanding of queries that talking to your computer will be normal. If subvocalization technologies are developed, people will talk to computers all the time. (Subvocalization is currently achieved with a band-aid looking sensor taped to the throat that can map the things you almost say. An implant or ideally EEG built into a headset could perfect this technology.))
This is pretty much my thoughts. +- 10 years. For some of this stuff, the only thing slowing down the technologies are the legislative behind it. In particular with drones, medical equipment and hopefully ai
The only thing I'd add is that I think we'll see new forms of wealth distribution systems starting to spring up, as jobs are becoming rarer (hopefully)
The year 2029
For weed to be legal in at least half of the world
Good VR. Real good VR.
I'll be married and have a couple of kids.
Something bad to happen to bitcoin
The whole world living in bombed out squalor but everyone has a VR headset so they just ignore it.
Getting a boyfriend
Immortality. I’ve read by 2029 that life expectancy will extend one year every year after 2029. Ray Kurzweil.
Now that I think about it, probably nothing. Because it could come out so much worse. Imagine if I turned time back to middle school to pursue my dream of being a football player. What if I then broke my spine playing football and never walked again? Anything is possible at any time, and I'll take my 30 years of relative tranquility and happiness to the bank rather than gambling on doing it all over again.
I would have been more confident and possibly tried a more difficult major.
my spending habits
I would take high school seriously.
I’m who I am because of my past, change the past change who I is. Ima ride or die with the present
I don't care about what i am, id do anything to go back and change it i have nothing to lose.
So much ... Oh so much
For me things are going fine right now. Got a 47/50 on a pretty tough essay. Now I'm home, playing some TF2 and listening to music. What did you guys and gals do today? Tell me about how your week's going, or your plans for this month, or what you had for breakfast, anything. I'll likely be interested regardless.
Congratz on your essay! My day has been alright. Was at work 9-5pm then went to choir rehearsal for an hour. First rehearsal since term starts so we were all excited about the new term. Then Ibhad burger for dinner. I’m currently in bed switching between reddit and a book called ‘Infinite Jest’. This weekend I’ll just be cleaning my flat while singing along to musicals. How about you?
Cant complain. I just got out of lunch and was about to get to work but I got a last-minute email about a meeting at 2:30PM today. It's 1:44 now. I don't have enough time to get in the lab and do what I was going to do before the meeting so now I'm just kinda checking emails and chillin.
My day was ok.
This morning I had a mock exam which I will probably get a below average mark for, but it would be no less than what I deserve as I only revised the night before. Tomorrow I have another mock exam which I have done basically no revision for, and I should've done some tonight really. That exam is in the afternoon so I will do some revision in the morning, and hopefully get lucky with what is in the paper.
Right now i'm just on Reddit and listening to music. Well done on your essay, you got a great mark! What subject is it?
Glad to see you doing well.
For me, a little too much of school, otherwise I do well too. Our literature teacher even complimented me, when talking about me and non-present person in class:
"From your performances I see that you both suck hardly, but you make it look like you try."
(He doesn't compliment very often, so this is definitely nice to hear!)
I’ll just summarize each part.
Morning: Bad. But who likes being awake at 6:50?
Chemistry: Pretty boring. I finished my work for the week yesterday, so I just read the whole time. The book is great so far.
Civics: Pretty good.
Gym: Bad at first, but got a lot better.
Lunch: My friend was gone today, and I was kind of bored. People at my table had a weird conversation. Like I always say, an advantage of having bad hearing is a bigger likelihood of weird out-of-context things. Oh, also I was worried about math.
Math: I had my midterm test. I didn’t know what I was doing, but I feel kind of good about it. Later, it was boring. Finally, it was kind of fun once everyone finished.
English: Boring!
Afternoon: I’m tired.
My day has been mundane, but fine. I'm watching my brother until my mom gets home from work, which is nothing too out of the ordinary for me. Aside from that, I'm trying to work on watching everything on my clogged-up-beyond-repair DVR. It's frankly beyond ridiculous how many movies I've recorded and then promptly didn't watch. After I finish that I'll get some reading done. Already had dinner, which was soup with lots of hot sauce added in.
As for my week overall, I've been having a highly eventful one. We're searching for a rental to move into in order to fix our house up to sell. This is my childhood home and so it'll be surreal to live in a different house, finally.
Say, what music are you listening to? I could go for something new.
Good. I went to counseling today and talked about enjoying activities and received good advice to make myself grow and be happy so I don't need to depend on (often one sided) romantic relationships. Also cleaned off mud from new pink shoes I put on to feel good about myself. All in all a pretty good day.
Nice job on the essay! I overslept today and went to the pictures to see Star Wars VIII. Then found out we have an assignment due tomorrow evening. So a pretty eventful day, even if it started way too late for me.
My day's pretty good. Hows the book so far? I did band instead of choir growing up and never tried choir, is it fun? I was never a singing kid.
Pretty good, how bout yours
Pretty good! How has yours been
My 3 week old cough is still here but otherwise ok
Long but not bad typical Wednesday
shockingly good