name
relapsed on things I'm supposed to be working on and made poor choices
I went to a family dinner and i was silence the whole time without even realizing it. It took longer than I thought but I survived. We got back home, I changed back to my pajamas and I’ve been laying in bed ever since. But it was nice! I ate some good food which made the whole thing worth it
Felt pretty good about myself because I think I stopped some little kid from getting beat up. For a moment at least.
Actually left my house for the first time in 2 WEEKS! My husband made a lovely meal. I’m pleased to end my weekend on a high note after being a guinea pig for the pat month to find a medication that doesn’t make me suicidal.
Edit: thank you for asking. Little things like this, really make my day!
not great. i pretty much wasted it, then proceeded waste another few hours here on reddit and reading that super depressing thread on the front page.
Woke at 5.30pm after meaning to stay awake all night to fix my sleeping patterns, no food in house so ordered pizza at midnight but appetite gone by the time it arrived. I've been half watching really quite boring documentaries, half dootling about on the Internet, and I might get up and make a cup of tea in the next hour.
Starting back uni tomorrow after missing a good 60 per cent of last term's classes, so I'm trying to psyche myself up to get some momentum going again
Took a depression nap but woke up with cat I'm watching for a few weeks in my arms... So that's nice.
I tried. I got up, ate breakfast, made plans for dinner with the fam, and laid down. But I still managed to shave, brush my teeth, shower, eat lunch, and even went on a jog!
I'm still a kissless virgin at 25, I work a boring office job, and I still struggle with depression, ADHD, and social anxiety issues. But I manage to work for my dad 40 hours a week, I have medication, a psychiatrist, a counselor, and no debt. And that's after making four suicide attempts in the span of a year.
I learn to celebrate the little victories, which then turn into major accomplishments. I'm numb as I'm writing this, but I am doing the best I can.
Well, I'm still here. So bad.
My grandma died
Already drunk and it's 11am YEW
Average and bleak.
At least being unmotivated to eat will help me lose weight. I started cooking again so that helps as well.
Today I didn't shower, it's been a few days now. Had to force feed myself because I can't keep skipping meals. Tomorrow will most likely be the same.
My friends took me to the beach and we walked along the rocks, they cooked for me too.
I broke up with my girlfriend yesterday, so considering, I had a pretty good day with good people.
Long and shitty
Fine. I had the day off so I spent the day at home with my cats watching bad shows and playing a mobile game on my phone. The key to being "happy" while depressed is low expectations.
Pretty terrible, but like in a comical way
Lonely
Woke up at six am to shit and found out I'm sick. Been up ever since. Can't sleep. Can't eat. Haven't told my roommate because I don't have the energy for a real discussion. Can't go see my partner and feel better because they are dealing with their own thing which has kept me from seeing them for 2 weeks. I'm currently curled up on the couch waiting for enough energy to walk upstairs and curl up in bed.
Had next to no sleep last night. Woke up late after a bad dream. Spent the afternoon watching Ru Paul's Drag Race. I love it - love seeing the ladies and their costumes and hearing their journeys in life. I want to steal Ru Paul's wardrobe.
I also ended up going out in the wind and rain because the dire for a specific type of chocolate biscuit was strong. I couldn't find them the other day but located them today so hooray. Was worth the crap weather.
Been talking to housemate a lot too. Things to think about. I need a new job. A decent job!
I slept till nearly noon. We have a cold snap coming, so I through some chicken noodle soup in the crockpot, I’ll eat off that for the week. Went for a drive while listening to the Stuff You Should Know podcast. Which was enjoyable. Then came home and spent sometime watching TV with the cats.
I’m really feeling down because of some stuff at work, so I’m not looking forward to that tomorrow.
I've been stressed out because I'm relying on a narcissist and a pathological liar (same person) to get me to and from work since my car broke down. This stress has been building up in my household for so long that my boyfriend and I had an explosive argument that involved him starting to pack a bag to leave me and ended with him sitting in bed alone and me locked in the bathroom trying to stave off a near relapse into self harm. Bright side is that we made up before any damage was done and we have been quietly watching facebook videos since.
That I have no idea if I'm depressed. Maybe in a slump. Feeling like life got mundane and cyclical. I'd like to adventure out more and make more friends. But who wouldn't right? Had some great Chinese food earlier so that was nice. I feel like writing this out was more cathartic than anything. Either way just want to extend internet hugs to those in this thread.
I was supposed to work on my car today to make progress, but instead I laid in bed all day. I was hoping to hear back from a female about helping me work on my car, which I asked on Friday, but didn't hear a thing until today.
I was supposed to accomplish a few things this weekend, but I just did absolutely nothing, mostly because I came down with severe pain after working out during the week, and predicting exactly what would happen with said female.
Now I'm in limbo on whether I even want to talk to her anymore, and it kinda sucks. We always have such a good time together yet I'm always doing all the inviting. I know what the signs are but I'm an idiot and I keep persisting, thinking that maybe I am valuable since she does periodically go out of her way to hang out with me.
I hate not mattering.
Have a cold that's getting worse so that sucks. Got to wake up with my boyfriend and get brunch and then got a haircut while he tagged along, good things. Then I came home and felt too exhausted from the cold that I couldn't do much of anything, which depressed me, and now I'm sick and depressed and overwhelmed.
It's been quite a roller coaster of a day. Guess I'm going to bed depressed and worried about what that means for my week.
I did nothing like many other days. Having no one in real life to talk to about anything doesn't help. This will probably just get buried but I hope everyone else had a better day than I.
I realized today that no one is ever going to check on me or worry about me when things get really bad, because no one has ever seen me not-depressed (other than my parents, who don't care anyway and I rarely hear from them). Everyone around me thinks that I am not social, that I sleep at odd hours, that I don't eat a lot and that's just how I am because that's how I've been for years and years. And that made me pretty sad.
Celebrated my birthday with my dad for the first time in 5 years! I only smoked 4 cigarettes today and I was able to eat half of my food. Way better than most days, but still had a rough morning. The usual thoughts were a little more distant for once
Ok, I guess. Just waiting for life to get to the good part or at least better than now.
I wish I could turn back time, but not 17. That year does does not have good memories. I would go back to ages 10-13, even though they weren’t perfect, it’s still better than now. I had so much hope for the future.
Id go back to around 12 when i started homeschooling so i could go back into public school instead
Well there's no good time for me to go back to, so I'll choose 17 and enroll in counseling and therapy immediately.
So feel you can't use this knowledge right now?
Middle school,I wish I never went.
yeah im 28 and wish i could turn time back to when i was 10 or so and start all over
Yes all the time, and if I wasn’t so Naive then by now I would have a good career.
To when I was 20. I wouldn’t have given up so easy.
Yeah, in a single word, it's hopelessness. I find it easier to cope when I can single out the feeling.
A lot of us feel the same as you.
Maybe try looking shorter into the future? Look ahead days and weeks, not months and years. If you can plan to make a positive step tomorrow, hopefully you can string a few of those days together and form a good week, then a good month and so on. It’s good to plan but so much is out of your control, try to live in the moment and work to form a loose idea of where you want to be.
Just don’t set up to run a marathon when you need to start with single steps. Good luck.
It feels like just yesterday I was complaining that this year is already half over. I've done absolutely nothing for the last 10 months (honestly spent about 95% of that time in my bedroom) and I don't even know at what point my life came like this.
Same here!!! I feel like I'm not passionate about anything. I'm not particularly talented at anything and I would rather kill myself than work some typical 9-5 job. I got into film school thinking it was what I wanted to do, now I'm in the final semester and I am extremely close to failing because I can't motivate myself to put in the effort it deserves. Maybe I'll end up a nobody doing nothing.
I completely understand. I'm actually in the same boat and while I was thinking about all these questions that got to me I was neglecting some very important work. I don't know why I do it because it's like I want to be successful I guess I just can't picture myself being that, idk. I feel ya.
I feel the same as you. I thought I was gonna be a computer programmer, then I decided I wanted to do music instead, and now I'm just stuck unable to imagine myself doing anything.
I feel ya, I'm in my senior year of computer science and for some reason I just neglect my work, I just have no interest anymore. And I don't know why it might be that for some reason, now, because sophomore year I was kinda psyched. Thanks for the reply.
I can’t picture my future further than freshman year of college. I feel like I’ll die before then or something.
I used to feel like this all then time in relation to my last job. It was a dead-end and I couldn’t get out. I’d learned all they could teach me, it wasn’t in my field of study at all and I had no faith in their mission. I tried to get out MANY times but I now see that those would have been lateral moves (going to the same type of job just in a different building w/ different people and another shitty mission). After 13 long years I got out in 2016 and I’m happy about the work I’m doing.
Holy shit someone else feels it too. I was trying to convey this to my ex and she couldn’t wrap her head around it cause she lives FOR the future whereas I completely dread it. Every time I think about where I might be in ten years, I say dead. I can’t think of a life ahead of where I’m at right now so I live in the here and now.
It could definitely be the depression clouding your judgement. Sometimes I feel like I am sitting immobile outside of myself, and something else, something bored and lazy and cruel, something that does not want to see me succeed, is at the helm. Controlling all of my actions. I want to succeed but I can never see myself doing anything of worth. Some of the things I want I don't have the money or resources for, and how can I even face my family after wasting their money on college and then coming out of it an even bigger failure than I was before I started? Idk, I'm sorry I can't comfort you since I'm literally in the same place, I hope we can find a way to get through this. I know how shitty it feels. But at least you're not alone in your struggle.
I used to daydream all the time about possible future outcomes of my life, with the hope that one day one of them may come true. I even used to picture myself as a better person or more attractive person in my dreams, as though I would have bettered myself by the time I got older. As the years went on, the image of myself became more realistic, even pathetic, and the goals of my dreams became less... 'successful'? Or 'extreme'? I don't really know how to put it, but I'd settle for less happy or perfect stuff in my own daydreams.
Years down the line, after that, now I daydream only about sad stuff, like being homeless or psychotic, because they seem like more probable outcomes. Or I'll think of completely outlandish stuff in the full knowledge that none of it will ever become a reality, because at this point dreaming about myself with a good job and a happy family is as unrealistic as picturing myself with superpowers and five supermodel girlfriends.
Oh yes, of course. Being trans leaves me, already predisposed to at least anxiety from my mother's family and probably depression too going up that same family tree, ridiculously effed up at times, op. I barely go a few weeks without remembering the statistics for my 'kind' have us pinned with a life expectancy of 35 years, and that alone is enough to leave me, as other comments have said already, hopeless.
I feel this a lot. It’s like, it sounds like a weird idea at first, but I just can’t see anything in my future at all. I don’t mean this as I’m gonna kill myself or anything like that, but I just can’t imagine myself as living very long (again, I don’t plan on killing myself, though).
I've stopped thinking about the future. Just try to make the best of each day. Thinking about the future made me too miserable. Just try to do your best each day.
